Knowledge refers to a piece of information which people could use it, while custodians refer to a people who organize knowledge and for other people to better access it. We refers to students both take Computer Science HL and Physics HL. I think that custodians are basically necessary, especially in providing other people with well-organized and focus-intensive informations to make the journey of studying easier. In the prompt, It is asking when we are learning, whether custodians are necessary. I will discuss in the area of mathematics and natural science because these two areas are the most representative for the most theoretical and most practical areas of knowledge. 

From one perspective, the knowledge custodian might not be very important, for example someone who don’t know how programming languages such as python or Java actually works in the computer’s CPU but they can also write a program. So we don’t need to reserve those kind of knowledges that the how does the machine language works or how does the computer architecture looks like. But, from my perspective, I will say that the truth isn’t look like this. Firstly, a programmer only knows how to program in high level languages (like Python and Java), they are not actual good programmers, and they probably don’t know how to made high efficiency programs – those programs often requires direct interaction with RAMs, which they won’t know if they only study programming. And moreover, in order to increase the power of the computer, we need new languages to be updated if a severe bug happens. Although Python provides a high level and abstract way for programmer to learn programming and program easily, but its efficiency is low. According to my observation the same program python written will be 30% slower then the same program C wrote. Although we are able to learn Python through reading others work easily (because the people who make Python made that easy for human understand), C isn’t that easy (we could think like it is easier for machine to understand so it is more powerful), we can’t learn that without custodians, in an unordered way. This have a lot of reasons, while writing a simplest program, the Hello World, requires you to know something about the method, file structure, complicated C grammar and so on. And compiling the program using clang(a compiler) isn’t that easy. Without custodians we basically can’t learn C on our own. 

Custodians can be necessary when a knowledge requires a lot of reciting or abstract things. For example, in computer science we are having a structure called Django, while if there is no custodians we have no idea that what does each function do – it is all hidden in the backhand, while it really takes a long time for us to look up for information on the Internet for it since Django have a lot of different versions having different syntax. So a better way to do it is ask a custodian, while probably they may have a more fluency experience in our study. The custodians may be able to give us an idea of the big picture of the project – not like the official documentation just telling how each function works, while they will also be able to tell us more things about the abstracted backend stuffs which will enhance our understanding on how it works. This means if this kind of things happen, knowledge custodians will save us a lot of time which is a good thing, while more importantly they will be able to guide us through the knowledge to make sure that we are not lost in the tons of information that we have access to – making sure that we are going to the correct approach which is fatally important. While because time is one of our most precious resource, saving time is a necessity, so we may conclude, from this perspective we can conclude that the custodians are actually necessary for us 

What’s more, that most of the knowledges are developed from the old knowledges. So, we need something contains the old knowledges or someone knows them, except for the only five principles are not developed on old ones because they are based on a lot of observation. And, all of other knowledges in Mathematics are based on those five principles and also the newer knowledges. For example, people knows that the triangles have the sum of the internal angles of 180 degrees by knowing that if two lines never intersects, their interior angles on the same side of the transversal in 180 degrees, and using logical approaches to get to this conclusion. So, we could found that learning those knowledges before is important. However, isn’t it important in the case that we don’t need to use another theory? Like the five principles in mathematics? They are still important for us because all of the five theories come up with a lot of observation of the world, and there are so few of them that most of the people are just trying to coming up with new knowledges by older knowledge 

In conclusion, if we are trying to just take a bite of what the area we want to learn is, we probably don’t necessary need a custodian(if we have enough time), however If we really want to deep dive into an area of knowledge we will possibly need them, possibly not in person, but just one who are organizing knowledge 
 
